Update Broken links in KFServing documentation (#2346)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/serving/kfserving.md

## Install with Kubeflow

KFServing works with Kubeflow 1.1. Kustomize installation files are [located in the manifests repo](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/master/kfserving).

> See examples running KFServing on [Istio/Dex](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/tree/master/docs/samples/istio-dex). For installation on major cloud providers with Kubeflow, please follow their installation docs.

Reviewer: - For a11y + rephrase
```suggestion
Check the examples running KFServing on Istio/Dex in the [`kubeflow/kfserving`](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/tree/master/docs/samples/istio-dex) repository. For installation on major cloud providers with Kubeflow, follow their installation docs.
```

Would it be possible to find links to AWS etc KFServing installation guides and include them here? This can help new users 💯, I think

Author: The text above refers to follow the installation docs of the major cloud providers.
Examples should then be in the existing links like https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/aws/
I do not think we should additional links on the current page.

### Sample notebooks

> * [SDK client](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/blob/master/docs/samples/client)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [SDK client](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving/blob/master/docs/samples/client/kfserving_sdk_v1alpha2_sample.ipynb)
```

Author: @animeshsingh I had it on purpose on the directory level, since there are now 2 notebooks.
By using the directory, the link does not need to change if the underlying notebook(s) change again.
I did the same in the readme on kfserving kubeflow/kfserving#1193 which was approved by @yuzisun

Reviewer 2: hear you - but the website docs point to an official release, and that section is title "notebooks" specifically. The 2nd notebook is still not official for overall Kubeflow

Author: ok. Clear. But should I then not also change the same link in the SDK Section?

Reviewer 2: it's fine there. no strong opinion

### Monitoring

* [Setup Monitoring](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfserving#setup-monitoring)

## Use SDK

> 1. Install the SDK.
>     ```
>     pip install kfserving
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the SDK with PiPy.

    ```shell
    pip install kfserving
    ```

```
